Create a Positive Environment-Fuzzy

Envy of other people shows how they are unhappy. Their continual attention to others behavior shows how they are boring. - Seneca

“All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.” – Walt Disney

“The secret of getting ahead is getting started.” – Mark Twain

“I’ve missed more than 9,000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. 26 times I’ve been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed.” – Michael Jordan

“Don’t limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do. You can go as far as your mind lets you. What you believe, remember, you can achieve.” – Mary Kay Ash

“The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.” – Chinese Proverb

“Only the paranoid survive.” – Andy Grove

“It’s hard to beat a person who never gives up.” – Babe Ruth

“I wake up every morning and think to myself, ‘how far can I push this company in the next 24 
hours.’” – Leah Busque

“If people are doubting how far you can go, go so far that you can’t hear them anymore.” – Michele Ruiz

“We need to accept that we won’t always make the right decisions, that we’ll screw up royally sometimes – understanding that failure is not the opposite of success, it’s part of success.” – Arianna Huffington

“Write it. Shoot it. Publish it. Crochet it, sauté it, whatever. MAKE.” – Joss Whedon

here will come a time when you believe everything is finished. That will be the beginning. - Louis L’Amour

The source of wisdom is whatever is going to happen to us today. - Pema Chödrön

It was my pride that I was taken in as an equal, in spirit as well as in fact. - Jack London

The greatest virtues are those which are most useful to other persons. - Aristotle

Character is like a tree and reputation like a shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing. - Abraham Lincoln

Don’t look for the next opportunity. The one you have in hand is the opportunity. - Paul Arden

“You’ve gotta dance like there’s nobody watching, love like you’ll never be hurt, sing like there’s nobody listening, and live like it’s heaven on earth.” ― William W. Purkey

“Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten.”― Neil Gaiman
    
“Everything you can imagine is real.”― Pablo Picasso
    
“When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.” ― Helen Keller
    
“Do one thing every day that scares you.”― Eleanor Roosevelt
    
“It’s no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then.”― Lewis Carroll
    
“Smart people learn from everything and everyone, average people from their experiences, stupid people already have all the answers.” – Socrates
    
“Do what you feel in your heart to be right – for you’ll be criticized anyway.”― Eleanor Roosevelt

“Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.” ― Dalai Lama XIV
    
“Whatever you are, be a good one.” ― Abraham Lincoln

“The same boiling water that softens the potato hardens the egg. It’s what you’re made of. Not the circumstances.” – Unknown
    
“If we have the attitude that it’s going to be a great day it usually is.” – Catherine Pulsifier
    
“You can either experience the pain of discipline or the pain of regret. The choice is yours.”  – Unknown
    
“Impossible is just an opinion.” – Paulo Coelho
    
“Your passion is waiting for your courage to catch up.” – Isabelle Lafleche
    
“Magic is believing in yourself. If you can make that happen, you can make anything happen.” – Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
    
“If something is important enough, even if the odds are stacked against you, you should still do it.” – Elon Musk
    
“Hold the vision, trust the process.” – Unknown
    
“Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.” – John D. Rockefeller
    
“People who wonder if the glass is half empty or full miss the point. The glass is refillable.” – Unknown

“No one is to blame for your future situation but yourself. If you want to be successful, then become “Successful.”― Jaymin Shah
    
“Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle.”― Abraham Lincoln
    
“Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.”― Thomas Edison
    
“Every sucessful person in the world is a hustler one way or another. We all hustle to get where we need to be. Only a fool would sit around and wait on another man to feed him.” ― K’wan
    
“Invest in your dreams. Grind now. Shine later.” – Unknown
    
“Hustlers don’t sleep, they nap.” – Unknown
    
“Greatness only comes before hustle in the dictionary.” – Ross Simmonds
    
“Without hustle, talent will only carry you so far.” – Gary Vaynerchuk
    
“Work like there is someone working twenty four hours a day to take it away from you.” – Mark Cuban
    
“Hustle in silence and let your success make the noise.” – Unknown

“Dreams don’t work unless you do.” – John C. Maxwell
    
“Go the extra mile. It’s never crowded there.” – Dr. Wayne D. Dyer

“Keep your face always toward the sunshine – and shadows will fall behind you.” – Walt Whitman

“What defines us is how well we rise after falling.” – Lionel from Maid in Manhattan Movie
    
H.O.P.E. = Hold On. Pain Ends.
    
Make each day your masterpiece. – John Wooden
    
“Wherever you go, go with all your heart” – Confucius
    
“Turn your wounds into wisdom” – Oprah
    
“We can do anything we want to if we stick to it long enough.” – Helen Keller
    
“Begin anywhere.” – John Cage

“If you obey all the rules, you miss all the fun.” – Katharine Hepburn
    
“You were born to be a player. You were meant to be here. This moment is yours.” – Herb Brooks
    
“Life is not what you alone make it. Life is the input of everyone who touched your life and every experience that entered it. We are all part of one another.” – Yuri Kochiyama
    
“When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang out.” – Abraham Lincoln
    
“Never regret anything that made you smile.” – Mark Twain
    
“You must do the thing you think you cannot do.” – Eleanor Roosevelt

“If you want to fly give up everything that weighs you down.” – Buddha
    
“Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.” – Suzy Kassem
    
“I never lose. Either I win or learn.” – Nelson Mandela
    
“Today is your opportunity to build the tomorrow you want.” – Ken Poirot
    
“Getting over a painful experience is much like crossing the monkey bars. You have to let go at some point in order to move forward.” – C.S. Lewis

“Don't bend; don't water it down; don't try to make it logical; don't edit your own soul according to the fashion. Rather, follow your most intense obsessions mercilessly.”
― Franz Kafka 

“The meaning of life is that it stops.”
― Franz Kafka 